# Bar Era

# PRIVACY POLICY

Last updated August 07, 2022 

This privacy notice for Newton Apps LLC ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such as when you: Download and use our mobile application (Bar Era), or any other application of ours that links to this privacy notice Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at support@NewtonAppsLLC.com. SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. You can also click here to go directly to our table of contents. What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with Newton Apps LLC and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Click here to learn more. Do we process any sensitive personal information? We do not process sensitive personal information. Do we receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any information from third parties. How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Click here to learn more. In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Click here to learn more. How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Click here to learn more. What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Click here to learn more. How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by filling out our data subject request form available here, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Want to learn more about what Newton Apps LLC does with any information we collect? Click here to review the notice in full. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? 
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? 
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? 
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES 
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? 
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? 
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? 
12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU? 

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Personal information you disclose to us In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us. Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following: usernames Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information. Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission: Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information. 

2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including: To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts. We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order. To identify usage trends. We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them. 

3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests. If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you. We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You can withdraw your consent at any time. Click here to learn more. In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example: If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way For investigations and fraud detection and prevention For business transactions provided certain conditions are met If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations 

4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties. We may need to share your personal information in the following situations: Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. 

5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. 

6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.  

7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? In Short: In some regions, such as Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time. In some regions (like Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm. If you are located in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html. Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below. However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. Account Information If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can: Log in to your account settings and update your user account. Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements. 

If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at privacy@NewtonAppsLLC.com. 

8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice. 

9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.). CCPA Privacy Notice The California Code of Regulations defines a "resident" as: (1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose All other individuals are defined as "non-residents." If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.  We DO NOT collect:  A. Identifiers (Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name)  B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information  C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Gender and date of birth   D. Commercial information  Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information  E. Biometric information  Fingerprints and voiceprints   F. Internet or other similar network activity Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements  G. Geolocation data  Device location   H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities  I. Professional or employment related information Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us  J. Education Information  Student records and directory information   K. Inferences drawn from other personal information Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics  We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of: Receiving help through our customer support channels; Participation in customer surveys or contests; and Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries. How do we use and share your personal information? More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in this privacy notice. You may contact us by email at privacy@NewtonAppsLLC.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt out we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf. Will your information be shared with anyone else? We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf. We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information. Newton Apps LLC has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. Newton Apps LLC will not sell personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users, and other consumers. Your rights with respect to your personal data Right to request deletion of the data — Request to delete You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation, or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities. Right to be informed — Request to know Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know: whether we collect and use your personal information; the categories of personal information that we collect; the purposes for which the collected personal information is used; whether we sell your personal information to third parties; the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose; the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information. In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request. Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights. Verification process Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g., phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate. We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you. Other privacy rights You may object to the processing of your personal information. You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information. You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA. You may request to opt out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of the request submission. To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at privacy@NewtonAppsLLC.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you. 

10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. 

11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at privacy@NewtonAppsLLC.com or by post to: Newton Apps LLC 

12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU? Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please do so from account settings -> Delete Account, or email Support@NewtonAppsLLC.com for help.

# END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

 Last updated August 07, 2022 

 Bar Era is licensed to You (End-User) by Newton Apps LLC, located and registered in Gainesville, Florida 32607, United States ("Licensor"), for use only under the terms of this License Agreement. By downloading the Licensed Application from Apple's software distribution platform ("App Store"), and any update thereto (as permitted by this License Agreement), You indicate that You agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, and that You accept this License Agreement. App Store is referred to in this License Agreement as "Services." The parties of this License Agreement acknowledge that the Services are not a Party to this License Agreement and are not bound by any provisions or obligations with regard to the Licensed Application, such as warranty, liability, maintenance and support thereof. Newton Apps LLC, not the Services, is solely responsible for the Licensed Application and the content thereof. This License Agreement may not provide for usage rules for the Licensed Application that are in conflict with the latest Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions ("Usage Rules"). Newton Apps LLC acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules and this License Agreement is not conflicting with them. Bar Era when purchased or downloaded through the Services, is licensed to You for use only under the terms of this License Agreement. The Licensor reserves all rights not expressly granted to You. Bar Era is to be used on devices that operate with Apple's operating systems ("iOS" and "Mac OS"). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. THE APPLICATION 
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE 
3. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 
4. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT
 5. USE OF DATA 
6. USER-GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
7. CONTRIBUTION LICENSE 
8. LIABILITY 
9. WARRANTY 
10. PRODUCT CLAIMS 
11. LEGAL COMPLIANCE 
12. CONTACT INFORMATION 
13. TERMINATION 
14. THIRD-PARTY TERMS OF AGREEMENTS AND BENEFICIARY 
15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
16. APPLICABLE LAW 
17. MISCELLANEOUS 

1. THE APPLICATION Bar Era ("Licensed Application") is a piece of software created to This app allows users to rate local bars, add friends, and inform others on the wait time, cover, and popularity of each venue. — and customized for iOS mobile devices ("Devices"). It is used to Rate and discuss bars. The Licensed Application is not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use this Licensed Application. You may not use the Licensed Application in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA). 

2. SCOPE OF LICENSE 2.1 This license will also govern any updates of the Licensed Application provided by Licensor that replace, repair, and/or supplement the first Licensed Application, unless a separate license is provided for such update, in which case the terms of that new license will govern. 2.2 You may not reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, integrate, decompile, remove, modify, combine, create derivative works or updates of, adapt, or attempt to derive the source code of the Licensed Application, or any part thereof (except with Newton Apps LLC's prior written consent). 2.3 You may not copy (excluding when expressly authorized by this license and the Usage Rules) or alter the Licensed Application or portions thereof. You may create and store copies only on devices that You own or control for backup keeping under the terms of this license, the Usage Rules, and any other terms and conditions that apply to the device or software used. You may not remove any intellectual property notices. You acknowledge that no unauthorized third parties may gain access to these copies at any time. If you sell your Devices to a third party, you must remove the Licensed Application from the Devices before doing so. 2.4 Violations of the obligations mentioned above, as well as the attempt of such infringement, may be subject to prosecution and damages. 2.5 Licensor reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of licensing. 

3. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Licensor attempts to keep the Licensed Application updated so that it complies with modified/new versions of the firmware and new hardware. You are not granted rights to claim such an update. 3.2 You acknowledge that it is Your responsibility to confirm and determine that the app end-user device on which You intend to use the Licensed Application satisfies the technical specifications mentioned above. 3.3 Licensor reserves the right to modify the technical specifications as it sees appropriate at any time. 

4. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT 4.1 The Licensor is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services for this Licensed Application. You can reach the Licensor at the email address listed in the App Store Overview for this Licensed Application. 4.2 Newton Apps LLC and the End-User acknowledge that the Services have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Licensed Application. 

5. USE OF DATA You acknowledge that Licensor will be able to access and adjust Your downloaded Licensed Application content and Your personal information, and that Licensor's use of such material and information is subject to Your legal agreements with Licensor and Licensor's privacy policy, which can be found at the bottom of the Licensed Application. You acknowledge that the Licensor may periodically collect and use technical data and related information about your device, system, and application software, and peripherals, offer product support, facilitate the software updates, and for purposes of providing other services to you (if any) related to the Licensed Application. Licensor may also use this information to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you.  

6. USER-GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS The Licensed Application may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or in the Licensed Application, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Licensed Application and through third-party websites or applications. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that: 1. The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party. 2. You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Licensed Application, and other users of the Licensed Application to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Licensed Application and this License Agreement. 3. You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness or each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Licensed Application and this License Agreement. 4. Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading. 5. Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation. 6. Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us). 7. Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone. 8. Your Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people. 9. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule. 10. Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party. 11. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors. 12. Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap. 13. Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of this License Agreement, or any applicable law or regulation. Any use of the Licensed Application in violation of the foregoing violates this License Agreement and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Licensed Application. 

7. CONTRIBUTION LICENSE By posting your Contributions to any part of the Licensed Application or making Contributions accessible to the Licensed Application by linking your account from the Licensed Application to any of your social networking accounts, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broad cast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate in other works, such as Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels. This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions. We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area in the Licensed Application. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Licensed Application and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions. We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to recategorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations in the Licensed Application; and (3) to prescreen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions. 

8. LIABILITY 8.1 Licensor takes no accountability or responsibility for any damages caused due to a breach of duties according to Section 2 of this License Agreement. To avoid data loss, You are required to make use of backup functions of the Licensed Application to the extent allowed by applicable third-party terms and conditions of use. You are aware that in case of alterations or manipulations of the Licensed Application, You will not have access to the Licensed Application. 

 9. WARRANTY 9.1 Licensor warrants that the Licensed Application is free of spyware, trojan horses, viruses, or any other malware at the time of Your download. Licensor warrants that the Licensed Application works as described in the user documentation. 9.2 No warranty is provided for the Licensed Application that is not executable on the device, that has been unauthorizedly modified, handled inappropriately or culpably, combined or installed with inappropriate hardware or software, used with inappropriate accessories, regardless if by Yourself or by third parties, or if there are any other reasons outside of Newton Apps LLC's sphere of influence that affect the executability of the Licensed Application. 9.3 You are required to inspect the Licensed Application immediately after installing it and notify Newton Apps LLC about issues discovered without delay by email provided in Product Claims. The defect report will be taken into consideration and further investigated if it has been emailed within a period of 30 days after discovery. 9.4 If we confirm that the Licensed Application is defective, Newton Apps LLC reserves a choice to remedy the situation either by means of solving the defect or substitute delivery. 9.5 In the event of any failure of the Licensed Application to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify the Services Store Operator, and Your Licensed Application purchase price will be refunded to You. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Services Store Operator will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Licensed Application, and any other losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses, and costs attributable to any negligence to adhere to any warranty. 9.6 If the user is an entrepreneur, any claim based on faults expires after a statutory period of limitation amounting to twelve (12) months after the Licensed Application was made available to the user. The statutory periods of limitation given by law apply for users who are consumers. 

10. PRODUCT CLAIMS Newton Apps LLC and the End-User acknowledge that Newton Apps LLC, and not the Services, is responsible for addressing any claims of the End-User or any third party relating to the Licensed Application or the End  User’s possession and/or use of that Licensed Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Licensed Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation, including in connection with Your Licensed Application’s use of the HealthKit and HomeKit. 

11. LEGAL COMPLIANCE You represent and warrant that You are not located in a country that is subject to a US Government embargo, or that has been designated by the US Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and that You are not listed on any US Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. 

12. CONTACT INFORMATION For general inquiries, complaints, questions or claims concerning the Licensed Application, please contact: Newton Apps LLC  in Gainesville, FL 32607 United States support@NewtonAppsLLC.com 

13. TERMINATION The license is valid until terminated by Newton Apps LLC or by You. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically and without notice from Newton Apps LLC if You fail to adhere to any term(s) of this license. Upon License termination, You shall stop all use of the Licensed Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Application.

 14. THIRD-PARTY TERMS OF AGREEMENTS AND BENEFICIARY Newton Apps LLC represents and warrants that Newton Apps LLC will comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using Licensed Application. In Accordance with Section 9 of the "Instructions for Minimum Terms of Developer's End-User License Agreement," Apple's subsidiaries shall be third-party beneficiaries of this End User License Agreement and — upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this End User License Agreement against You as a third  party beneficiary thereof. 

15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS Newton Apps LLC and the End-User acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Licensed Application or the End-User's possession and use of that Licensed Application infringes on the third party's intellectual property rights, Newton Apps LLC, and not the Services, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge or any such intellectual property infringement claims. 

16. APPLICABLE LAW This License Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Florida excluding its conflicts of law rules. 

17. MISCELLANEOUS 17.1 If any of the terms of this agreement should be or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Invalid terms will be replaced by valid ones formulated in a way that will achieve the primary purpose. 17.2 Collateral agreements, changes and amendments are only valid if laid down in writing. The preceding clause can only be waived in writing.

